i have a nice sheep i will finally get wool
I will make a bed about hell so can a man
there i will stand still he
will think that i'm a stone devilish sheep and
sounds about what the fuck why did you do it
dude forgive me i didn't know you were well
and why did you not know and did not know that I
can get angry if you ripped me off 6
like some barbarian yes come on everyone
pluck their wool and cool too
ooh how cool
people please forgive me can I
I can return it to the place Come
what the fuck was that I thought you could
just take and stick the wool back
thought you could stick it it didn't
chewing they downside became well
maybe if we use super glue
then we can stick it back and
exactly glue we just glue the wool
back yes you doha genius you can be
scholar son why are you screaming dads
here this guy stole my fur he just
came up and ripped you off my body like
some kind of pervert and see flying
walrus toxin you wanna say here
this guy stole your wool right from
body then dad minute and he was just
flew at me and pecked my fur like
primitive bird you say so like
like i am a bastard but an ordinary bastard
today I was not like this what
your problem
well yes my son is of course ugly and weak and
pathetic
and he is not athletic and fucking learn
tell him not even friends and in general
he lives in vain but it does not give you rights
nothing is taken from him
you have the right to do this to a sheep i
should you chew for it you should
die
I don't have time for this
finish off
until
son but you want to jump off a cliff to